# 2022-11-28
## thanks for the visit

Dude, I just had the best time with you! It was a dream about a Thanksgiving that never happened.

We all had knowledge of your passing, but there you were! Emily was there too!

What I remember of the dream started with me hearing Mom scream because you startled her while she was getting ready to take the Thanksgiving family picture. She yelped and hollered "Dammit Alan!"

My heart lept and I bounded up the stairs, only to see you coming down them, with your big mischevious smile. I had to tuck and get sideways because we never could fit on the stairs at the same time.

You didn't know that you weren't going to make the next Thanksgiving (yeah sry man this dream had a weird timeline). We did, and we all knew not to share it with you. Nothing was going to spoil this Visit!

I had my laptop and a bunch of vlogging gear and I was going to livestream the family photo. In true Dad fashion, you got really excited and enthusiastic about it when I showed it to you. I swear you were the greatest encourager! You're literally even encouraging me now, a year after your passing. Thank you for blessing all of us with that. I hope I can encourage my friends and family as much as you encouraged me.

We took the photo, and smiled and laughed and cried, Emily, Mom, Lauren, and you. Then, I woke up and our visit ended.

I'm thanking God for this time with you tonight. I know these miracles don't happen without Him. Learned that from you, too.

Hug Candi from me. Give her all the belly rubs and booty scritches. If God gives you this letter, please give my love to Pheonix and Grandma and all the Pops.